Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I remember that.
Yeah. you remember that?
Aubrey was like. she had a dream.
I'm like. "What was the dream?"
She had a dream that I was in jail.
Every morning I take her to school.
One morning
I wasn't there to take her to school.
That was the morning I was arrested.
I wish I'd have slept with her that night.
Hello!
You know. I definitely can't wait for
the father-daughter dance
on June 1st.
Yeah. What's going on down there?
I didn't even know that was you
when I seen you coming through.
Your hair was just so pretty. I think…
You didn't know who I was?
I didn't.
'Cause you had your hair blown out.
I didn't know that was you
'cause it's looking different.
Like you see Daddy bald head.
But I knew who you were.
so I just ran to you.
Yeah. yeah.
If I run to you…
if I look different.
and I don't look like Aubrey.
-and I run to you. I'm Aubrey.
-Yeah. you're right.
Okay.
Not flash. That one was flash.
Hold on. did you get this one working?
It doesn't work when you…
No. they don't work…
The flash ain't on.
You gotta…
You gotta wind it.
This pink matches my color.
We learnin' about new songs like...
We are family
Come on everybody with…
I don't know how to say it.
We are a family…
So. what is this whole big building?
Um. it's. uh. it's like a gym.
It's where we come play basketball.
Y'all could play basketball?
Yeah.
Yep.
Like y'all go to the gym at school.
That's how it be.
We go outside and play basketball.
or we come in the gym.
When you get out?
Um. I don't know. I'm hopin' I…
I'm supposed to go to court July 16th.
You said you were
supposed to go to court last Monday…
I know. but they pushed it off.
They pushed it…
I was supposed to go May the 7th.
They pushed it off.
It's wrong. You don't really…
She don't make me think that you start it.
I think she be startin' it sometimes.
And I think
she just want something to fight about.
-And I think the same about you.
-It's okay.
What I'm saying is.
y'all shouldn't do that.
You ain't gotta worry 'bout it no more.
We're not gonna
be able to visit you anymore?
Yeah. you can still visit me.
Why do you say that?
But where are you going?
Oh. you're talking about when I go?
I'm probably
going to New Jersey or something.
So. we gotta drive
all the way out to New Jersey?
-Do you want to?
-Yes.
-Why?
-Because.
A'ight. You gonna come see me then?
We gotta drive them little buses.
-You know what this mean?
-No.
This mean I gotta make a promise to you.
Want me to tell you my promise?
Mm-hmm.
I promise to never leave you again.
-Okay.
-You don't want that. do you?
You want me to stay in your life forever?
So. you gonna keep that forever?
You sure?
-Who love you more than Daddy?
-Nobody.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
And I promise…
that my change starts here.
My change starts here…
before I get out.
I give you this.
for protecting our promise.
I love you.
-I'mma miss you.
-I'll miss you too.
I don't wanna let you go!
I'm gonna be okay.
Take three deep breaths.
and then we gonna say. "See you later."
and then we'll say. "See you later."
I'mma see you later!
If you say bye.
that means you're never seeing them again.
So promise.
I promise you I will not say bye.
-See you later. okay?
-Okay.
Don't say bye.
I love you.
See you later. okay?
-Okay.
-I love you.
I love you too.
Bre.
I'mma tell you I'mma always be here.
I'mma always be here for you.
Hmm. Love you. baby.
Mm-hmm.
See you later. Bre.
Love you. baby.
Love you. Bre.
Man. yeah. man.
Well. I loved seeing
you all hanging with your daughters.
Mine wasn't able to get here.
but after seeing all of y'all
bein' able to appreciate
y'all children. man.
made my day. so…
My daughter was here in my heart!
But she wasn't here with me.
but I'm proud of all of y'all. boys.
All of y'all are gonna be
home soon to your kids.
Mo. just pray.
Don't you ever give up praying. Slim!
No matter what religion you is.
don't you give up praying.
'cause. guess what?
God knows y'all kids need you home.
So He gonna get you home
as long you trust and believe.
Whether you gotta come back
on appeal or whatever. man.
y'all gonna get there.
And when you get there. son.
you stay there. man.
Like he said.
the streets don't want us. man!
We here 'cause we thought they did. Mo.
They don't love us. Our kids love us.
They need us. homes.
I love all y'all much. man.
And respect. man.
-Respect.
-Indeed.
-We love you too. man.
Hey. Bre!
Can you hear me?
The phone is in and out.
Baby?
You see. you know
how to answer the phone now
when Daddy call?
So. make sure when Daddy call.
when you see Daddy calling.
put that--
put that game down and answer the phone.
I wish I can too. baby.
I always think about that dance
when I can touch him. it's like…
it's like nothing else on Earth.
When I came out.
she really didn't recognize me.
There was plexiglass between us.
Couldn't hear-- I couldn't hear.
She wouldn't open up to me.
I thought it was like.
oh. she was upset with me.
It got to me a lot. you know?
I thought it would be better.
I would like to touch her.
so it could reset.
When she asked to leave.
I was just like. "Oh…"
It was like very hard on me.
Yeah. I can hear you now.
I can hear you way better now.
Did you ever get--
you finally got something to eat?
Okay.
Huh?
Yeah.
I tried calling you. I tried calling you.
You didn't answer.
so I figured you probably was eating.
Okay.
You had a good visit on Daddy?
Could've been better.
I can't wait to touch you.
Glad to see you.
Glad to see you some more.
Hey…
I was just talking about you.
Daddy misses you.
I talk about you.
I brag about how smart you are.
Okay.
Y'all almost home?
Hello?
If I don't call you sometime soon.
like in a couple of days.
then I'll have to call you after the 22nd.
I'm collecting my minutes now.
You there?
I'm about to call Grandma.
to check on Grandma.
Love you.
Love you more.
Alright.
Be good.
Yeah.